♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW patrol, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW patrol ♪
-♪Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups Pit Crew."
[whirring]
And headed for the finish line,
Skye's ahead by a nose.
[both panting]
Oh, he's passing me.
[Chase] But Zuma wins it.
[breathing heavily]
Training is tiring.
[Chase] Good job.
Next, Rocky and Marshall.
On your mark, get set, run!
[grunts]
Whoa!
Ow!
-[laughs]
-I'm on your tail, Marshall.
-[all barking and howling]
[Skye] Go pups!
[laughs]
Marshall is in the lead
as they reach the target area.
Whoa! Ow!
Water hose! [barks]
Marshall!
Water spray. [barks]
Whoa!
[grunts]
Sorry about that, Rocky.
It's okay.
I wouldn't mind the water so much
if it wasn't so wet.
[Alex] Alex takes the lead!
[imitates tires screeching]
Alex? What do you got there?
Hey, Grandpa, check out what I
made from old restaurant stuff.
A super trike.
Look. Pizza paddle brakes.
Nice. And you used lots of duct tape.
Just like you taught me. Watch.
[squeaking]
Whoo-hoo!
[grunts]
My super trike!
Now I have to put it all
back together again.
-Wait, Alex!
-[horn honks]
The parts are all over the street.
You can't go out looking for them
in all this traffic.
Aw. My super trike is ruined.
I know who can help.
[beeps]
[phone ringing]
-[beeps]
-Hello. Ryder here.
Hi, Ryder. I have a bit of an emergency.
Alex put together a super trike,
but it kind of fell apart
and ended up all over the street.
It didn't turn out as super as he hoped?
He could use some help.
I know you're pretty handy
with gadgets and vehicles.
Tell him we're on our way.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
-[both panting]
-[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[both grunt]
[both] Ryder needs us!
[all barking]
Marshall, your hose!
Oh, yeah. [barks]
Whoa! [grunts]
Oops. That was the spray bark,
not the hose-away bark.
[barks]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Today, we have
a different kind of emergency.
Our friend Alex has worked extra hard
building a super trike
out of old restaurant stuff.
Wow, it's all recycled.
But it fell apart on him.
We can help him put it back together
a little better.
Rocky, I need you and your recycling bin
We have to collect Alex's trike parts
and put them back together.
And maybe add a few of our own.
Don't lose it, reuse it.
[Ryder] Chase, I need you
and your cones to stop traffic
so we can safely find
the parts of Alex's trike.
Chase is on the case.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll.
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[Chase] Yeah!
-♪ Rocky! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
Let's secure the work zone.
[barks]
Please find an alternate route.
PAW Patrol at work.
-Can you fix it?
-Sure, we can.
Thanks, Ryder.
Let's get it to the Lookout.
Pincer arm. [barks]
Rocky, check the wheel, please.
Clamp arm. [barks]
That will hold better than before.
But my grandpa fixes
everything with duct tape.
[laughs]
Time for the brakes.
Rocky, the pedals, please.
Don't lose it, reuse it.
And these will work better
than a pizza paddle.
Just keep your feet
on the pedals at all times, okay?
Look. Vroom!
Alex is tearing up the track.
Vroom, vroom!
-Uh-oh.
-Whoa!
[grunts]
Sorry, Chase.
You might want to slow down a bit, Alex.
Steering wheel, please, Rocky.
Huh?
Now I need you to rivet this in place.
Rivet gun. [barks]
You got it.
-I think it's done.
-[laughs]
Awesome!
Now my super trike
can go extra super fast.
[Chase] Stop right there.
You can't go anywhere without this.
-[jingles]
-And this.
Come on, Ryder. Let's race!
Uh, let's test it first.
Okay, but if we race,
I'm sure
my super-fast super trike will win.
First you need to get used
to your vehicle.
Let's take a slow ride
down the Lookout driveway.
Yeah, let's ride
[jingles]
Vroom, vroom!
Alex, wait!
You're going too fast!
Come on, pups. Let's go.
[both bark]
[tires squeal]
[siren wailing]
Whee!
Look at me go.
Wow, this is fast.
A little too fast.
Whoa!
Help!
Slow down. Use the brakes.
I can't get my feet back on the pedals.
They're turning too fast.
[gasps]
Chase, secure the traffic
at the bottom of the drive.
Chase is on the case.
[tires squeal]
Please stop.
PAW Patrol emergency in progress.
Don't worry, Alex.
The PAW Patrol is on it.
Skye, I need you and your copter
at the bridge in a hurry.
Let's take to the sky!
Hooray! Whoo-hoo!
[barks] Yeah!
Keep it straight up the bridge.
You'll be fine.
Skye, can you hook Alex's trike?
You got it, Ryder. [barks]
Missed him. Coming in again.
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Almost got it.
Got him!
-Yay, Skye!
-Yes!
Great flying!
That was some pretty good flying.
Oh, it was no biggie.
Are you all right, Alex?
I'm okay.
I just couldn't stop it.
The trike is too super.
I think we need to work
on that braking system.
[sighs]
Alex.
I'm sorry, Ryder.
This is all my fault.
If I'd started slow like you said,
this wouldn't have happened.
That's okay, Alex.
But whenever you try something new,
you have to start out easy.
I know.
I just wanted to be like you, Ryder.
You all right, Alex?
I'm great. Thanks, Skye.
And Chase and Rocky and Ryder.
And the whole PAW Patrol.
You saved me and my super trike.
It was nothing.
No problem.
Whenever you need us, just yelp for help.
[laughs]
You were such good pups today.
-How about we head to the lemonade stand?
-Yeah!
-[jingles]
-Let's race on over.
-[clears throat]
-Huh?
Alex.
-Uh-oh.
-Mm-mmm.
I mean, roll on over.
Let's go.
-[all laughing]
-[dogs barking]
♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
Good work, Alex.
You've earned
the PAW Patrol Safe Driving Cup.
Wowee! Thanks, Ryder.
You've also won a spoon.
A spoon? Why?
'Cause it's an ice cream cup.
Yay!
-[all laughing]
-[dogs barking]
[theme music playing]